The purpose of this mod is for people to be able to link several account together, 
and easily switch between them all. Here's the super-quick primer on what you need to 
do to get started.  For purposes of this exercise, you have 3 accounts, Me, It, and Bob. 



Pick an account 

There isn't really a primary account with this setup, but you can set one with the checkbox 
if you want to, the name of the primary account will appear below posts by other usernames. 
Go into the profile for the account you chose, we'll say Me. Scroll down a bit and you'll see 
a new section that says Account Link. Off to the side, there is a little text that says 
'Click here to obtain a PID'. Click there. :) You'll be on a page caled PID Request. Enter the 
usename and password for the account you are in, and then a 5 digit, non-zero Personal ID. 
Its a very stupid script, if your PID is taken, all it will do is say sorry, that's in use, 
try again. If its not taken, the script will say your profile has been updated, and it will 
set your PID in the database. Remember that PID.

Link an account 

Log out of the account you just set your PID in, in our case Me. Login to an account you'd like 
to link to the first, like It. Go into your profile, and scroll down to Account Link, but 
instead of clicking to get a PID, you will enter the Username and Password of that first 
account, in our case Me, and the PID you just set. Submit the profile, and now when you go to 
the Index, the Switch jumpbox in the upper left should have the two account names listed in it, 
in this case Me and It. You can now link any number of accounts with your PID and a 
username/password pair of an account that you have already linked, so if you wanted to link Bob,
you would use your PID, and either the name and password combination from Me or It. 

Switching Accounts 

Go up to the dropbox in the upper left, choose which linked account you want to switch to, and 
hit Switch. That's it. The account you were in is logged out, and the one you picked is logged 
in.  :)


For Admins Only Option

There is an option that you can enable through the control panel that only admins can use the 
Account Switch.  If this option is chosen, you have to start with the admin account, as all other 
accounts will have the ability to generate a PID locked out in the profile and not see the switch 
box unless it is an account linked to an admin account. 